1:Puzzle 38 | (Tic Tac Toe Puzzle)
Statement:
The game of Tic-Tac-Toe is being played between two players and it is in below state after six moves.

   X  |   O   | 
---------------------    
   X  |       |
---------------------    
   0  |   0   |  X
    
    
Can you answer following questions?
Who will win the game, O or X?
Which was the sixth mark and at which position?
Assume that both the players are intelligent enough.

2: In a one day international cricket match, considering no extras(no wides, no ‘no’ balls, etc.)
and no overthrows.
What is the maximum number of runs that a batsman can score in an ideal case ?
Note:”Here we assume ideal and little practical scenario. We assume that batsman 
can not run for more than 3 runs in a ball, as otherwise there is no limit, 
he can run infinite runs(theoretically) in a ball, as far as opposite team does not catch the ball.”

3: How to make 4 equilateral triangles with 6 match sticks?

4: The following is a description of the instance of this famous puzzle involving 

2 eggs and a building with 100 floors.
Suppose that we wish to know which stories in a 100-story building are safe to 
drop eggs from, and which will cause the eggs to break on landing. 
What strategy should be used to drop eggs such that total number of drops 
in worst case is minimized and we find the required floor.
We may make a few assumptions:
An egg that survives a fall can be used again.
A broken egg must be discarded.
The effect of a fall is the same for all eggs.
If an egg breaks when dropped, then it would break if dropped from a higher floor.
If an egg survives a fall then it would survive a shorter fall.

5: Policeman decided to punish the Prisoner and asked him to make a statement. 
The Prisoner should make such a statement so that he would be alive.
If the statement is held true by Policeman, the Prisoner will be hanged to death 
and if the statement is held false, the Prisoner will be shot dead.

6: A Lady (L) bought an item of Rs 100 from the Shopkeeper (C). She paid him 
through a 500 Rs Note. Realizing that he did not have change, the shopkeeper 
C got change for that note from another shopkeeper (S) and paid Rs 400 to the Lady.
After a few days, S realized that the note is fake, S went at C and took 500 Rs back from him 
So in this whole process how much money did C loose in the end?

7: A man is allocated a task. He doubles the task done everyday. 
If the man completely does the task in 18 days, how many days did
it take for the man to complete 25% of the task?

8:You have got someone working for you for five days and a gold bar to pay him.
 You must give them a piece of gold at the end of every day. 
 What are the fewest number of cuts to the bar of gold that 
 will allow you to pay him 1/5th each day?

9: In year 2001 on October 2, 2001, the date in MMDDYYYY format was a palindrome 
(same forwards as backwards), 10/02/2001 -> “10022001”
When was the last palindrome date before 10/02/2001?

10: A car has 4 tyres and 1 spare tyre. Each tyre can travel a maximum 
distance of 20000 miles before wearing off. What is the maximum 
distance the car can travel before you are forced to buy a new tyre?
You are allowed to change tyres (using the spare tyre) unlimited number of times.

11:Question: A newspaper made of 16 large sheets of paper folded in half.
The newspaper has 64 pages altogether. 
The first sheet contains pages 1, 2, 63, 64.
http://d18khu5s3lkxd9.cloudfront.net//wp-content/uploads/2015/11/newspaper-puzzle.gif
If we pick up a sheet containing page number 45. What are the other pages that this sheet contains?

12: Measure 9 minutes from a 4 minutes hourglass and a 7 minutes hourglass?

13: Three Employees want to know average of their salaries. 
    They are not allowed to share their individual salaries.
    
14: There is an 8 by 8 chessboard in which two diagonally opposite corners have been cut off.
You are given 31 dominos, and a single domino can cover exactly two squares. 
Can you use the 31 dominos to cover the entire board?

15: You are blindfolded and 10 coins are place in front of you on table. 
You are allowed to touch the coins, but can’t tell which way up they are by feel. 
You are told that there are 5 coins head up, and 5 coins tails up but not which ones are which.
Can you make two piles of coins each with the same number of 
heads up? You can flip the coins any number of times.
